Experiors is a high end Home Interiors solution company engaging in design and construction of premium interiors for residential and commercial projects.  We are aone stop solution for design and construction of home interiors.
We operate in Delhi NCR, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Vadodara and Ahmedabad.
Create a website for Experiors with the following features:
1. Home
2. About Us
3. Our Vision, Mission and Values
4. How we work 
5. Our Work (refer this folder D:\WORK\Website\Assets\Project Photos)
6. Design Trends
8. FAQs
 and
Client testimonials
Links to blog and Contact should be in the footer.

The website will provide the client to generate an estimate for interiors of their house. Estimates will of two types,
1. Quick Estimate
2. Detailed Estimate

Quick Estimate will ask for basic details of the house and will generate an estimate based on the size of the house and the category of interiors (Harmony/Majesty/Elysium).
Detailed Estimate will require the client to register with us using their email and mobile number both OTP verified. The client will be required to pay a refundable deposit of Rs. 1000 as a token of seriousness at the time of registration. This amount will either be adjusted in our fees later or refunded if we are not able to meaningfully engage with the client.
After registration, the client will be asked for more details of the house and will generate an estimate based on the size of the house.

The intent of this website to generate high quality leads for Experiors and to appear among the top sponsored and unsponsored Google search results. We want only serious clients to contact us. 
Website should be mobile / tablet friendly

Provide an admin panel to change the content of the website.

For booking meeting with us, client will be shown a calendar to pick dates and meeting slots. We should be able to update holidays and our availability in the calendar. The calendar should not allow meeting within next 7 days of booking.

Our vision:
To become the most trusted and recommended interior design partner in the industry, recognized not merely for our aesthetic expertise, but for our unyielding commitment to transparency, timely execution, and absolute fidelity to every client budget and original scope.
Mission:
To foster an environment of absolute ethical integrity in all operations. We commit to transparent cost structure, fair partner compensation and responsible material resourcing  
Our Values:
Honesty
Integrity
Commitment
Innovation
Care